---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: NATM Grading 
description: Extra credit, grade 3 other groups 
type: tangibles
courses: { compsci: {week: 11} }
---

Alisha Hussian
- grocery story app, you can make a grocery list and go shopping, add things to your cart and add your credit card and purchase. 
Hook: 3.6/4 
- Nice hook, drew me in because the page had alot of color and the group had alot of enthusiuam. 
Knowlegde: 3.7/4 
- They were all able to explain all parts of the website
Value: .5/1
- Not very useful because its not a real shop, but if it could be then it would be very useful to shop from home. 
Wow Factor: .9/1 
- I really liked how it looked, they included nice images and actual prices. Very engaging to look at. 
Total: 8.7/10

Tanvi Pampati 
- A weather app that tells temperature wind speed and precipitation. 
Hook: 3.5/4 
- They seemed interested in their app, good try to lure people in. 
Knowledge: 3.6/4 
- They were all able to explain all parts of the app
Value: 1/1 
This is something many people would use 
Wow Factor: 0.9/1
Seemed very complex, with all the data. Seemed like alot of effort was put into it. 
Total: 9/10 

Prakruti Bhatt 
- This was website that carried information all about country populations and languagues. 
Hook: 3.5/4 
Their cover page seemed interesting and theyr seemed passionate. 
Knowledge: 3.5/4
Majority of everyone knew mostly eveyrthing about the site. 
Value:.8/1 
This could potentially be useful, for travlers and such. 
Wow factor: .9/1
I think this is a good idea, it is really creative and overall has alot of potnetial. 
Total: 8.7/10 
